What is up YouTube, it's your
girl Evelyn and as you know
we are fast approaching
The L Word: Gen Q season 2 premiere.
So I thought what better time
for a season one refresher and
I'm getting a little help from my
friend and L Word guru, Ash Silver.
Ash has the most in-depth
L Word channel on YouTube
and she'll be covering the
other half of this video.
So make sure to check her channel out.
She's sweet.
She's British
And she's got all the L Word dirt.
So without further ado here is everything
you need to know before season two!
*Paris by The Chainsmokers playing*
I'm kicking things off with my favorite
storyline and the one I'm most excited for.
The Dani-Finley-Sophie love triangle.
Dani is an emotionally unavailable, rich girl with
daddy issues. And Sophie is an emotionally
available, not rich girl with daddy issues.
So naturally...
"I love you and and I really think we should
do this. I just want to be your wife."
Despite being complete opposites, having
almost no chemistry and spending all of
season one in a perpetual fight, Sophie
and Dani are committed to making it work.
"I'm inviting my whole family
to the engagement party. Aunts,
uncles, cousins, second cousins... I
mean you know it's last minute so."
Sophie works as a producer on Alice's TV show
and Dani is a morally conflicted PR executive.
And for more on Dani make
sure to check out Ash's video.
She goes into detail about
Dani's work and Bette and...
THAT SITUATION
"What's wrong?"
"I'm fine. It's - it's fine.
It's, um, it's not professional."
"I think we've moved far
beyond that point by now."
Enter Finley.
Sophie's adorkable fun-loving
and laid-back best friend.
"Whoa, slow down bro."
"Why? It's free."
Honestly, the two of them have one of the most
loving and supportive friendships on the show.
"It's funny. That's very, very funny, thank you."
"Oh, you got some baggage bro."
"Yeah dude no shit."
"All right, come on. I'll protect you."
Finley spends half of season one
courting gay lady minister Rebecca.
And the other half of season one sabotaging her
relationship with gay lady minister Rebecca.
"Okay, so remember this morning when you were
wondering if I could get over the whole priest
thing?"
"Yeah."
"Oh, I can. Because you're not a real priest."
It's strongly insinuated
that Finley has a mysterious
traumatic backstory that involves religion.
And i don't know about you
but I get a little nervous
whenever a character on this show
has a mysterious traumatic backstory.
As Dani and Sophie's relationship
continues to deteriorate,
Sophie and Finley's bond continues to deepen,
And when Sophie has a family emergency
it's Finley and not Dani who steps up.
Which in turn leads Sophie to pucker up.
Sophie and Finley eventually sleep together
and the whole thing culminates with Sophie
being torn between flying to Hawaii and
eloping with Dani or flying to Missouri
with Finley to visit her estranged family.
*Heartless by The Weeknd playing*
Everyone's favorite L Word
heartthrob is back on her BS
but also not back on her BS?
When we first meet Shane she's heartbroken...
*That weird Ferris Bueller music playing*
Well, mostly heartbroken over her
estranged pop star wife Quiara.
To distract herself from her
heartbreak, Shane buys a crappy bar,
renames it Dana's and turns it into
Generation Q's version of 'The Planet.'
She also sleeps with someone's
girlfriend in the process.
Eventually, we meet this estranged wife and
suddenly all of Shane's pining makes sense.
"Ohhhhh okay okay." (meaning: Shane's wife is HOT)
Turns out Shane and Quiara broke up because
Quiara wants children and Shane doesn't.
But they got married anyway.
Quiara's back because she wants to work
things out with Shane and she's also pregnant.
But it's cool because Quiara will take care
of all those pesky parenting duties and
Shane can just take care of Quiara.
And Shane goes for it because....
*She Bad by Cardi B & YG playing*
Long story short, Quiara has a
miscarriage and Shane is low-key grateful.
"I didn't want this but you showed up pregnant
anyway. So what was I supposed to do?"
"You could have been honest from the beginning."
"I was honest with you."
Quiara dumps her and Shane picks up a stray dog,
which I assume will teach her
about love and responsibility
As if she didn't raise her whole
ass brother in the original series
...but okay.
*Work by Charlotte Day Wilson playing*
Remember how Shane slept
with someone's girlfriend?
Well that someone was Tess, a
bartender at the bar Shane purchased.
Tess is a former alcoholic party girl,
although I can't think of a worse profession
for an alcoholic than being a bartender.
"Which is why I'm sober now."
"Oh, shit."
"Yep, two years."
"Cool."
"Yeah, I wanted to start remembering
stuff. I wanted to feel again."
And surprise surprise, she has a relapse.
Tess's storyline is fascinating because it
seems to be more about self-actualization,
forgiveness and healing.
Which is different for The L
Word but kind of refreshing.
Also, she and Finley have sex but it
doesn't seem to affect anything whatsoever.
And despite the fact that Shane
slept with her girlfriend,
Tess has become Shane's unofficial
therapist which can only mean one thing...
*Damage by H.E.R. playing*
Last up is Micah who has the most
detached storyline of everyone.
And not because he's a guy but
because his storyline literally
doesn't intersect with anyone else's storyline.
Although in the season 2 trailer
it looks like he might be dating
Maribel which i think would be a great
way to better weave him into the show.
Anyway, Micah dated Dani before he transitioned
and he lives with Dani and Sophie now because...
Once a lesbian always a lesbian.
His storyline revolves around
his relationship with Jose,
a hot artist who seems like the perfect catch.
Jose is sensitive to Micah's needs.
He drops the L word after like a week of dating,
and he has a husband.
"ohhhh okay okay."
I'm guessing Jose is gonna have a
little explaining to do in season two.
And if you want to catch up with Tibette
along with Alice and her throuple,
make sure to check out Ash's video.
And while you're at it give her a
follow across her social medias.
And don't forget to check out my channel
update video over on the community tab for
all kinds of fun announcements.
That is it for me, I want to give a quick
shout out to my newest patrons Jenn and Nicole.
*You'll Be In My Heart by Phil Collins playing*
As always thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you in the next one.